You want to go too
How is that possible?
You are fucking dead
The master is a midsummer god
The Temple of War has met the God who gave me three points.
Boy, our wife is absolutely amazing
You must die, right?
Boy, God is the middle and lower body
The powerhouse of the dragon protection lineage
The entire middle and lower boss is his younger brother
He stomps his feet
Earthquakes in both the middle and the bottom
Wait a minute
I see you don't even dare to put a skin
What happened to Xiaobu
Sir, I was beaten downstairs
I gave your name
The person who was beaten was miserable
That's a rarity. Follow me over there and crush him
Hahahahaha boy, you are very good at fighting.
You can hit 100
1,000 you shoot me a gun
Can you shoot?
Boy, run away
While there's still a chance
Yes, I'm not afraid of running out of firewood if I keep the green mountains
Just one person.
How do you fight against all the forces in the middle and lower levels?
Chen Rong, this happened because of us
You'd better go
I'll push you what to push you, little bird
What are you?